Goodbye, you finally called me.
Sorry, Xiang, I'm really not doing well lately.
A woman is worth more than I can leave.
He wanted a hundred words, so I didn’t force the boss,
I know. Morning housekeeper,
After listening to all the servants, tell me clearly,
Goodbye, don't worry,
Qingqing is, it can only be you,
In addition, they will all be like those women who once wanted to see Qingqingshang,
Imitate the same, A Xiang,
Don't get out of here.
In this way, I will give him all the toys I have.
It's me, I'm just fine, no problem.
After that, you will live here.
Ah Xiang Ah Xiang, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, you don't say anything, Don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything
His wife will come to you from now on
Yes sir
I'll take you first
Visit Bie Shu Bar, Mr.
I have never received a big gift from another woman.
in your belly
It’s the young master who’s gorgeous, right?
It's not in your wife's belly
Not the young master either
Just call me Miss Ye
How can that be done?
Let this gentleman say it himself
You are my wife’s primary school student
I also gave birth abroad.
There's still time for this
I'll take you to avenge your injustice
Mr. and Mrs. walk slowly
It's serious you say
It's a lie in the middle of the night
Or are love words just lies?
Let's plant some fire
Not happy
You drank it today
My dear boss is extremely busy every day.
No guests come to my place, dear
I'm here to accompany my class during the Sports Festival
Other doctors
Have to rest assured
next words
I'm going to trouble you, got it